docs: document omit_assertion_audience for the JWT bearer grant (#2628)
ory/docs: docs/hydra/guides/jwt.mdx

  --replace "/oauth2/grant/jwt/max_ttl=1h"
```

### Copying the assertion audience into the access token

By default, Ory copies the `aud` (audience) values from the assertion JWT into the access token it issues. The audience of the

> resulting access token then includes every value from the assertion's `aud` claim, including the OAuth2 token URL.

Author: Fixed — the validation requirement now says "OAuth2 token endpoint URL".

To stop the assertion's audience from being granted to the access token, set `copy_assertion_audience` to `false`. Ory then issues

> the access token without the audience values from the assertion:

Author: Fixed — the guide now uses the fully qualified key `oauth2.grant.jwt.omit_assertion_audience`.

  --replace "/oauth2/grant/jwt/max_ttl=1h"
```

> ### Assertion audience in the access token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Do not use the assertion's 'aud' value as the access token's 'aud' value.
```

Author: Applied — reframed the heading to contrast the assertion's `aud` (the authorization server) with the access token's `aud`. Used code formatting for `aud` to match the rest of the guide.

Per [RFC 7523](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7523), the assertion's `aud` (audience) claim identifies the authorization server

> as the intended recipient of the JWT. It does not define the audience of the issued access token. By default, Ory therefore does

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as the intended recipient of the JWT. The issued access token's `aud` value should be the resource server(s) or the APIs that the token is meant for. By default, Ory therefore does
```

Author: Applied your suggestion verbatim.

**not** copy the assertion's `aud` values into the access token.

> 

Reviewer: I suggest the https://www.ory.com/docs/hydra/guides/jwt#exchanging-jwt-assertion-for-access-token topic is updated to clearly show the distinction between the assertion 'aud' and the access token's 'aud' values

Under 'Exchanging JWT assertion for access token,' in the Sample call/JWT used/Scopes in JWT tabs: Change 'Example claims of JSON Web Token' to 'Example claims of the issued access token'
Update the example to include the access token's 'aud' value that clearly shows it is the resource server(s) / the APIs the token is meant for and not the authorization server.

Author: Renamed the example to 'Example claims of the issued access token' and added a comment there clarifying the assertion's `aud` is not copied by default. I did not add a resource-server `aud` to the example because, with the default (omit), Ory does not currently populate the access token's `aud` from the request — wiring the standard `audience`/`resource` request parameter into this grant is tracked separately in ory-corp/cloud#12362. Once that lands I'll update the example to show a resource-server `aud`. Let me know if you'd prefer an aspirational example in the meantime.

Reviewer: Sounds good!

> The `omit_assertion_audience` setting controls this behavior:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `omit_assertion_audience` setting controls whether or not the assertion's 'aud' value is copied to the access token:
```

Author: Applied, and used the fully qualified key `oauth2.grant.jwt.omit_assertion_audience` (also addresses Copilot's note).

```yaml title="hydra.yml"
oauth2:
  grant:
    jwt:
      # true (default): the assertion audience is omitted from the access token.
      # false: the assertion audience is copied into the access token (legacy behavior).
      omit_assertion_audience: true
```

Set it to `false` if your clients rely on the assertion's `aud` values being present in the access token.

:::note

> The default is `true` (omit) for self-hosted Ory Hydra (open source), Ory Enterprise License deployments, and Ory Network projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value is `true` (omit) for Ory Hydra (Ory OSS, Ory OEL, and Ory Network deployments).
```

Author: Applied verbatim.

> created after this change. Ory Network projects created earlier keep the previous behavior of copying the assertion audience; set

Reviewer: Wording  like 'after' or 'before' this change is confusing to readers. How would they know when the change occurred? This type of info (breaking changes) are best communicated via release notes or other comms where a date can be referenced. The Documentation should cover what is currently true and accurate.

Author: Agreed — removed the 'before/after this change' wording. The note now states only the current default; the migration behavior for existing Ory Network projects is covered in the release notes / changelog.
